True or False - Pixels are absolute units of measurements (as opposed to relative).

true

2. Write css code in between the "style" class selector brackets below
to change the color, font size, font family, font style, font weight,
text capitalization, and alignment of some text on a html web page.
NOTE:you Do Not need to write any html code. Just complete the code
below and pretend an html page exist to make it work).

.style {
text-align: center:
color: blue;
font-size 10px;
font-family: times new roman;
front-weight: bold;
font-style: italic;
text-transform: capitalize;
}

3. What do browsers normally have set as the default pixel size
according to the lecture video?

16px

4. How can a user of your website increase the font size of your
webpage to 150% without having access to your code?

zoom to 150%

5. Fill in the blank - In HTML every element is a ___box____.

6. Describe each of the components that make up The Box Model.
You should describe the purpose and what each component controls.

padding the padding controls the space round the content of an element and is used to generate space around content
border they represent the outer edge of a document or separate sections within a document from each other
margin used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.

7. Write css code in between the "box" id selector brackets below to
change the padding on the left of some content to 7 pixels, the
padding on the right of some content to 5 pixels, the padding on
the bottom of some content to 6 pixels, and the padding on the top
of some element to 10 pixels.

#box{
padding: top right bottom left 10px 5px 6px 7px;
}

8. True or False - When writing CSS code to change margins, there is
 a difference between  "margin: 40px" and "margin: 40px 40px 40px 40px".
 
false

padding: 10px;

9. What CSS property can you use to edit the width around some content

width

10. Box sizing is a property of every HTML element. By default this is
set to "content box". CSS3 created a property for the default value of
"content box", what is this CSS property?

border-box;

11. What does the "*" element do in CSS? When would you want to use it?

 applies the property and value to every element in your code
 
when you want all of something to be this

12. What does the cumulative margins rule say about larger pixel values?

it says that there is one element on top of another element the margins will 
collapse and the larger pixel value will win

13. What CSS property do we use when we have a box or any other element
that is too small to hold all of the text?

overflow

14. How would add a scroll bar inside of a element to hold a lot of text
for someone visiting your website?

overflow: auto;

15. List 5 different CSS properties that were not included in the lecture
video and describe what they do. (hint: go to this link: https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/)
flex-basis
flex-direction
flex-flow 
flex-grow
flex-shrink

