True or False - Pixels are absolute units of measurements (as opposed to relative).
True

2. Write css code in between the "style" class selector brackets below
to change the color, font size, font family, font style, font weight,
text capitalization, and alignment of some text on a html web page.
NOTE:you Do Not need to write any html code. Just complete the code
below and pretend an html page exist to make it work).

.style { style="backround-color:navyblue;"

}

3. What do browsers normally have set as the default pixel size
according to the lecture video?
16px

4. How can a user of your website increase the font size of your
webpage to 150% without having access to your code?
By clicking the zoom button

5. Fill in the blank - In HTML every element is a _______.
new line

6. Describe each of the components that make up The Box Model.
You should describe the purpose and what each component controls.
IDK

7. Write css code in between the "box" id selector brackets below to
change the padding on the left of some content to 7 pixels, the
padding on the right of some content to 5 pixels, the padding on
the bottom of some content to 6 pixels, and the padding on the top
of some element to 10 pixels.

#box{IDK

}

8. True or False - When writing CSS code to change margins, there is
 a difference between  "margin: 40px" and "margin: 40px 40px 40px 40px".
True
9. What CSS property can you use to edit the width around some content
box-sizing
10. Box sizing is a property of every HTML element. By default this is
set to "content box". CSS3 created a property for the default value of
"content box", what is this CSS property?
IDK
11. What does the "*" element do in CSS? When would you want to use it?
all elements when you want to do something to everything
12. What does the cumulative margins rule say about larger pixel values?
IDK
13. What CSS property do we use when we have a box or any other element
that is too small to hold all of the text?
{}
14. How would add a scroll bar inside of a element to hold a lot of text
for someone visiting your website?
IDK
15. List 5 different CSS properties that were not included in the lecture
video and describe what they do. (hint: go to this link: https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/)
I need extra help on this topic
